Outside the current scope of OSIP
====

Medical Imaging
-----

OSIP currently does not have the ability to store medical images. There is no DICOM connectivity and no storage configured for multimedia files. There is also no image viewer.
If this functionality is needed we suggest linking OSIP with an open source picture-archiving-and-communication-system (PACS) or a multimedia archive. These platforms usually provide a notification service that includes the information needed to link an image to a patient. With that link it is fairly straightforward to integrate a web-viewer from the imaging system or open a third-party viewer.

Documentation Management
-----

OSIP stores data at its lowest level ie. granular data. For documents management it is possible to connect a dedicated storage or a vendor neutral archive (VNA). Much like medical imaging, you can link a document with a patient through a notification service provided by the VNA.

Master Patient Index (MPI)
-----

OSIP uses existing unique patient IDs to identify a patient and to group their data. These ID are normally generated by the EPR or PAS (Patient Administration System). It can also use any unique ID for example a social security number. If you want to connect systems without common IDs, you will need an MPI provider to reconcile the data. 

Primary system
-----

The goal of OSIP is to provide a framework for the management data, while at the same time allowing the data to be used for secondary purposes such as innovation. In some specific scenarios you may also want to use it to collect data however it should be noted that although this is possible it is not its intended use. 

----
**Table of Contents**

[A. Introduction](A_introduction.md)

[B. Innovation and Open Technology](B_innovation_and_open_technology.md)

[C. OSIP Functionality](C_osip_functionality.md)

D. Outside the current scope of OSIP

[E. Main Components of OSIP](E_main_components_of_osip.md)

[F. System environment for OSIP](F_system_environment_for_osip.md)

[G. Implementation scenarios](G_implementation_scenarios.md)
